---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Interests in Software Engineering
date: 2015-08-26
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Learning
---

In my sophomore year of college, I decided to switch my major over to Computer Science. I was originally planning to major in business, but as the semesters went by, I came to a realization it was of no interest to me. I never really knew what I wanted to do with my life and what kind of career I wanted. I decided to do something totally different and new to me, and that's when I switched to ICS. While taking ICS 111, I was really getting interested in this field. Although most of the time I am frustrated in this major due to dealing with math and algorithms and not knowing how to code an assignment, I also enjoy it very much. It’s these types of challenges that make things interesting and rewarding. I am not very good at coding at this moment, but hope to soon learn how to write well written and efficient programs. In this class, I look forward to learning application design and user interface design. I aslo wish to learn how to work well with peers and learn skills that will apply in the real world. 

I hope to learn a lot more programming languages and have a strong foundation in all the languages I do learn. I also am looking forward in practiciing to write technical essays and improving my writing skills to be as clear and concise as possible. I was told, when you get a job in this field, your writing is just as important as your coding. I was very worried that I would not have the right materials such as professional portfolios and such by the time I graduate. I have lots to learn and my main goal is to learn as much as I can, practice as much as I can, apply what I learn to outside of the classroom, and have fun while accomplishing these goals.
